Open Source Contribution Terms and Conditions

1. Definitions

1.1 "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is  making  this  Agreement  with  salesforce.com.  For  legal  entities,  the  entity  making  a  Contribution  and  all  other  entities  that  control,  are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this  definition,  "control"  means  (i)  the  power,  direct  or  indirect,  to  cause  the  direction  or  management  of  such  entity,  whether  by  contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such  entity.

1.2  "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an  existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to salesforce.com for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products or  services  owned  or  managed  by  salesforce.com  (the  "Work").  For  the  purposes  of  this  definition,  "submitted"  means  any  form  of  electronic,  verbal,  or  written  communication  sent  to  salesforce.com  or  its  representatives,  including  but  not  limited  to  communication  on  electronic  mailing  lists,  source  code  control  systems,  and  issue  tracking  systems  that  are  managed  by,  or  on  behalf of, salesforce.com for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously  marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Licenses

2.1 Grant  of  Copyright  License.  Subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement,  You  hereby  grant  to  salesforce.com  and  to  recipients  and/or  users  of  software  distributed  and/or  made  available  by  salesforce.com  a  perpetual,  worldwide,  nonaexclusive,  noacharge,  royaltyafree,  irrevocable  copyright  license  to  reproduce,  prepare  derivative  works  of,  publicly  display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

2.2 Grant  of  Patent  License.  Subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement,  You  hereby  grant  to  salesforce.com  and  to  recipients  and/or  users  of  software  distributed  and/or  made  available  by  salesforce.com  a  perpetual,  worldwide, nonaexclusive, noacharge, royaltyafree, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,  use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by  You  that  are  necessarily  infringed  by  Your  Contribution(s)  alone  or  by  combination  of  Your  Contribution(s)  with  the  Work  to  which  such Contribution(s) were submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a crossaclaim  or  counterclaim  in  a  lawsuit)  alleging  that  your  Contribution,  or  the  Work  to  which  you  have  contributed,  constitutes  direct  or  contributory  patent  infringement,  then  any  patent  licenses  granted  to  that  entity  under  this  Agreement  for  that  Contribution  or  Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

3. Representations

3.1 You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above licenses.

3.2 You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation.

3.3 You represent that none of Your Contributions includes any third party copyrights, patents, trade secrets,
licenses or other restrictions.

3.4 If  You  are  an  individual  employed  by  another  individual  or  a  legal  entity,  You  represent  that  either  Your  employer has waived any of its rights in Your Contributions.

3.5 If  you  are  a  legal  entity,  You  represent  further  that  each  employee  of  the  Corporation  designated  on  Schedule A below (or in a subsequent written modification to that Schedule) is authorized to submit Contributions on behalf of the  Corporation.

4. No  Support.  You  are  not  expected  to  provide  support  for  Your  Contributions,  except  to  the  extent  You  desire  to  provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,  You  provide  Your  Contributions  on  an  "AS  IS"  BASIS,  WITHOUT  WARRANTIES  OR  CONDITIONS  OF  ANY  KIND,  either  express  or  implied,  including,  without  limitation,  any  warranties  or  conditions  of  TITLE,  NONaINFRINGEMENT,  MERCHANTABILITY,  or  FITNESS  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. Developerforce Terms of Use.  By executing the Agreement,  submitting a Contribution or, if you are a legal entity,  by  providing  the  names  of  authorized  employees,  You  agree  that  you  are  subject  to  and  will  comply  with  these  Developerforce  SFDC OSCLA 0914 2 of 3
Terms  of  Use  available  at  http://www.developerforce.com/assets/termsofuse/Developerforce_TOU_20101119.pdf  and  as  may  be  updated from time to time.

6. General. No failure or delay by you or salesforce.com in exercising any right under this Agreement shall constitute  a waiver of that right.  Other than as expressly stated herein, the remedies herein are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any other  remedies  of  a  party  at  law  or  in  equity. Should  any  provision  of  this  Agreement  be  held  by  a  court  to  be  unenforceable,  such  provision  shall  be  modified  by  the  court  and  interpreted  so  as  to  best  to  accomplish  the  objectives  of  the  original  provision  to  the  fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement  shall  be  governed  exclusively  by,  and  construed  exclusively  in  accordance  with,  the  laws  of  the  United  States  and  the  State  of  California,  without  regard  to  its  conflict  of  laws  provisions. The  state  and  federal  courts  located  in  San  Francisco,  California  shall  have  exclusive  jurisdiction  to  adjudicate  any  dispute  arising  out  of  or  relating  to  this  Agreement.    This  Agreement  constitutes  the  entire agreement between the parties as to its subject matter and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals  or representations, written or oral, concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.  No modification, amendment or waiver of any  provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the modification, amendment  or  waiver  is  to  be  asserted.    This  Agreement  does  not  supersede  or  amend  any  existing  agreement  between  the  parties  for  the  purchase or use of either party’s products or services.
